# Asset-Pricing-Portfolio-Analysis-Project
Semester long project on Walmart (WMT) financials
a.	Teams: Assignments for this class is required to be completed in teams. I will also call upon teams to work through and answer questions and exercises related to the materials being discussed during class. It is therefore preferred that while forming teams you restrict yourselves to members of the same section. Teams can consist of 6 (at the minimum) or 7 (at the maximum) members each. You are free to form your own teams. Teams must be formed by the end of day January 30, 2020. One of the team members should email me the list of team members along with a team moniker (be creative!!) by the date listed above. I will interfere to the least possible extent in the functioning of your team. Each of you is responsible for ensuring that your team operates smoothly, delivers assignments on time, and that each member contributes equally and significantly to the assignments.

b.	Selection of a publicly listed U.S. based stock:  By January 30, 2020, each team is also required to select one publicly listed, multinational, firm as its ‘group firm’. Your team will use data for this firm for all in-class problems and exercises as well as for the assignments. The only condition on the selection of this firm is that you should have access to its stock return data and its annual report for the past several years. You can select a firm incorporated outside the U.S. (i.e., a non-U.S. firm), but do keep in mind that in many instances, for such firms, I will have limited ability to help you get the data that you may need for your analysis. 

c.	Assignment 1: 200 points: For the first assignment you will estimate the discount rate for your selected firm using the various methodologies discussed in class. The deliverable is a written report as if it has been prepared by your team to be submitted to an equity analyst. Each report should be typed, 1.5 spaced, with a 12-point font size. It should not exceed 4 pages (single sided). The template that I will use to evaluate your report and score has been provided to you.

d.	Assignment 2: 200 points: For the second assignment you will estimate and forecast the free cash flow for your firm using the various methodologies discussed in class. You will also compute the fundamental value for the stock of your selected firm. Based on this analysis you will recommend a buy, sell, or hold decision for your selected firm. The deliverable is a written report as if it has been prepared by your team to be submitted to an equity analyst. Each report should be typed, 1.5 spaced, with a 12-point font size. It should not exceed 4 pages (single sided). The template that I will use to evaluate your report and score has been provided to you. 

e.	Assignment 3: 200 points: For the third assignment you will use option pricing framework to estimate the value or price of the stock for your selected firm. The goal is to determine if option pricing framework can provide reasonable estimates for the stock price or value of the firm. The deliverable is a written report as if it has been prepared by your team to be submitted to an equity analyst. Each report should be typed, 1.5 spaced, with a 12-point font size. It should not exceed 4 pages (single sided). The template that I will use to evaluate your report and score has been provided to you.

f.	Assignment 4: 200 points: For the fourth assignment you will undertake a technical analysis of the stock price and volume data for your selected firm for the last 10 years. The goal is to determine if technical analysis can allow you to forecast prices or returns over a long sample period. The deliverable is a written report as if it has been prepared by your team to be submitted to an equity analyst. Each report should be typed, 1.5 spaced, with a 12-point font size. It should not exceed 4 pages (single sided). The template that I will use to evaluate your report and score has been provided to you.

g.	Assignment 5: 200 points: For the final assignment you will form portfolios by sorting stocks on a certain characteristic. For example, I may ask you to form portfolios of stocks sorted by market capitalization, with all large market capitalization stocks held in one portfolio, and all small market capitalization stocks held in another portfolio. Similarly, I may ask you to sort stocks by leverage, with all stocks with high leverage held in one portfolio, and all stocks with small leverage held in another portfolio. You will analyze the returns for these portfolios and assess their performance using the methodologies discussed in class. The deliverable is a written report as if it has been prepared by your team to be submitted to an equity analyst. Each report should be typed, 1.5 spaced, with a 12-point font size. It should not exceed 4 pages (single sided). The template that I will use to evaluate your report and score has been provided to you.
